docs(README): update troubleshooting session in readme to include fix to 'AppId not found' (#112)
thebergamo/react-native-fbsdk-next: README.md

   
   Both the Facebook App and your app have to have App Tracking Transparency (ATT) permission granted for facebook deferred app links to work. See [this related issue](https://github.com/thebergamo/react-native-fbsdk-next/issues/104#issuecomment-931488609)
  
6. You get an exception `App ID not found. Add a string value with your app ID for the key FacebookAppID to the Info.plist or call [FBSDKSettings setAppID:].`

>   If you find yourself in this situation, head over to your `AppDelegate.m` file and add the following lines inside the `- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:(NSDictionary *)launchOptions`, just before the `return YES` statement: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you find yourself in this situation, and you are certain that you have the FacebookAppID in your Info.plist or that you have called `setAppId`, you *may* be able to fix it by adding the following lines to `AppDelegate.m` inside the `- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:(NSDictionary *)launchOptions`, just before the `return YES` statement: 
```
